README.md, before:

# CSG-Zucchini
This is a small game that will be worked on over the Summer in 2021.<br/>
Collaborators: Porter Squires, Michael Zabrowski, Alex Zabrowski, and Nicholas Pautsch.


### Work Flow

Our Master Branch will act as the release branch and the structure will follow like so:
```
Master
   |  \__ Developer
   |          |    \__ Feature
   |          |           |   \__ Feature Patch
   |          |           |             |
   |          |           |             |
   |          |           |             |
Master    Developer    Feature    Feature Patch
   |          |           |        /
   |          |        Feature __ /
   |      Developer __ /
Master __ /
```
Whenever we merge a Feature branch into the Developer branch, we will use pull requests so that at least one other collaborator can check for merge conflicts. <br/>
Feature Patches will be small enough there there should not be any merge conflicts.<br/>
When we complete a Feature and merged it into Developer in a working state, we will delete the corresponding Feature branch. If we are to work on that Feature again, we will make another branch for that Feature with the same name.


### Game Styles

This game will be a 2D, side-view game. There will be mainly hack-and-slash combat, but certain encounters will push the player to focus.
There will also be a skill tree, where certain skills will alter the visual appearance of the player.

Commit message:

Constructed project in Unity
Also changed some markdown files

README.md, after:

# CSG-Zucchini
This is a small game that will be worked on over the Summer in 2021.<br/>
Collaborators: Porter Squires, Michael Zabrowski, Alex Zabrowski, and Nicholas Pautsch.


### Work Flow

Our Master Branch will act as the release branch and the structure will follow like so:
```
Master
   |  \__ Developer
   |          |    \__ Feature
   |          |           |   \__ Feature Patch
   |          |           |             |
   |          |           |             |
   |          |           |             |
Master    Developer    Feature    Feature Patch
   |          |           |        /
   |          |        Feature __ /
   |      Developer __ /
Master __ /
```
Whenever we merge a Feature branch into the Developer branch, we will use pull requests so that at least one other collaborator can check for merge conflicts. <br/>
Feature Patches will be small enough there there should not be any merge conflicts. The benefit of using Feature Patch branches will allow more than one person to work on a Feature at the same time.<br/>
When we complete a Feature and merged it into Developer in a working state, we will delete the corresponding Feature branch. If we are to work on that Feature again, we will make another branch for that Feature with the same name.<br/>

Feature Naming Conventions:
Ftr-feature-name

Feature Patch Naming Conventions:
Ftr-feature-name-Ptch-patch-name


### Work Environments

For building the game, we will be using the latest version of unity, currently: 2021.1.5f1.
