From a young age, Z was always getting into trouble. His friends were from questionable crowds, and his interests were far off from what his reputable parents would've liked. Constantly suffering punishments in school, Z detested the education system and everything to do with it. As would be expected, Z was even more difficult to handle as a teenager. Always sneaking out and running around the city, his parents began to give up.

One day, when he was out with his friends, Z decided to prank them. In an attempt to hide from his peers, he slipped into a dark alleyway. His friends passed by without the feintest clue he would be there, but Z wasn't satisfied. He sat there, just thinking. He lost track of time after hours of waiting for his friends to find him. Eventually, out of the corner of his eye, Z noticed a figure shuffling in his direction. As the figure got closer, Z noticed a small device that they were holding. Spinning gear, clicking and winding a mechanical mystery. That figure sat down, unphased by Z's presence.

After another hour of watching this person fiddle with their machine, they ask Z if he could help. In a swift, sudden motion, the stranger slices off their own hand. Z was stunned for a moment, until he realized that the stranger was holding their arm out for Z to help them attach, what now seems to be a mechanical hand, to their severed wrist.
During High School, Z took great interest in these machines, studying how he's never studied before. Pleased with their son showing newfound motivation, his parents left him to follow his interests, and even assisted him in buying kits and pieces for his experiments.

After finishing High School, Z's parents proudly hired Z to work at their company, a tech company that specializes in mechanical augmentations and supplements to the human body. Unfortunately, they gave him the worst position possible: the repairer. His job was to repair broken devices. Displeased with his lack of progress in climbing the job ladder, after years of work, he turned to personal projects. He began to sneak scrap away from the building, piecing together his own machinations. Wanting to profit off of his work, he began to seek out customers on his own. He found those in need in the slums of the city. Z created appendages, limbs, and even replacement eyes for these people. He spent multiple years beneath his parents' noses, sneaking away scrap and selling it off as new, surprisingly functional rip-offs of the company's products.

After another few years, a group of individuals with specific needs approached Z with a request for more powerful body parts. Weaponized body augments. Initially, Z refuses and shuts down the request, saying that it's out of his capability. The group's representative left, knowing that this was a definite outcome. But, out of sheer curiosity, Z experiments with what could become a useful schematic. He finishes a robotic arm, where the palms have an electrifying touch and the arm has beyond necessary strength. Out of pride, and because he couldn't show his parents what he's made, he searched for that same group who asked for what Z's made. Upon finding them, they were surprised and gave him a pat on the back, only to beat him to the floor and steal the weaponized limb. They grab his hair and lift Z's face to meet theirs, telling Z to continue making these machines, or else.

Z left and waited weeks until finally returning to the slums to sell his more passive augments. When he returned, two hooded figures were waiting at his apartment. They beat him to the ground and threatened him once again, only this time, with the arm that he made. Z began to craft various weapons and gadgets paired with robotic feet, hands, and eyes. Lasers, projectile launchers, and electrifying equipment of all sorts. That group came by each week to collect their dues.

A month goes by, four times Z handed over a few machines that could kill hundreds of innocent lives. After the goons leave for the fourth time, Z gets to work on what would be his revenge. All week, he stayed in his apartment fusing together his best work yet, something that would strike fear into the hearts of those it is wielded against. When the goons next returned, they were met with a swift end. One skull-crushing blow to annihalate ones head, and a clean cut to slice between the tissues housing the other goon's lungs. 

After this small revenge, Z quickly moved apartments and attempted to return to selling menial robotic limbs. Unfortunately, that group of people didn't handle the deaths of their members well. Every now and then, Z is met with anywhere from 2 to 5 armed members who attempt his life. Unfortunately for them, Z enjoys carrying around his favorite invention.
